This archive is a binary installation package for the Scientific Python 
extension, v2.4.9, written by Konrad Hinsen.

See the LICENCE.ScientificPython, README.ScientificPython and PKG-INFO 
files for information about Scientific Python.  For more detailed 
information about this extension, and the source distribution, please 
see Konrad's Scientific Python pages 
(http://starship.python.net/crew/hinsen/scientific.html).

The binary extension package was built from the Scientific Python source 
using the DistUtils setup.py script included in the distribution, on the 
OS/2+EMX port of Python 2.4.  No changes to the distributed source, 
and the only change to the setup script was to specify the location of 
the NetCDF components (my port of NetCDF 3.6).  Although an MPI port to 
EMX exists, I haven't attempted to include MPI support in this build of 
Scientific Python.  BSPlib support is not included either.

You need the Python 2.4 port installed before you can install this 
package - you should be able to get it where you obtained this archive.  
You will also need Numerical Python (aka NumPy) installed to make full 
use of this package - a binary distibution of Numpy should be available 
where you found this archive.

To install (assuming a working Python installation), change to the 
directory containing the install script (install.cmd), and execute the 
script.

Please let me know if you encounter any problems with the installation 
package - bug reports about Scientific Python should go to Konrad.

This binary distribution is provided 'as-is', without any express or 
implied warranty.  In no event will the packager be held liable for any 
damages arising from the use of the software.

Andrew MacIntyre
andymac@bullseye.apana.org.au
http://www.andymac.org/
January 14, 2005.
